Meanwhile we are at one
top speed of 351 kilometers
in the hour
this number should be topped and for that
not even in the third place
suck in wind shade
although he was 16 years old on the
body has attracted him at all so far
featured sports car easily over
and it is the only manufacturer in
the top ten fastest cars in the world
world turns up twice but I want to
Do not put her on the torture anymore
tighten
third place is no longer the
youngest supercar, however, has
He calls himself a legend worldwide
Developed
between 1994 and 97 mclaren builds in
Working with bmw exactly 100 of these
boliden
72 as street version and the rest so
how this one will be here as a 4-car racing car
name mclaren f1 with 1 5 million mark
was not only the one in the 90s
fastest but also the most expensive
sports car of the world
the engine comes from bmw the base of the
v12 comes from the then 850 csi in
The highest level of expansion is up to
680 ps available
this version has even 7 145 ps in
Napping
the soundscape belongs to the
most exciting sounds in the
sports car segment
in the year 2000 the mclaren f1 applies
officially as the fastest series
streetcars of the world
with measured 3 191 kilometers per
hour he drives to the top of the
speed olympics
until 2005 from our second place
is replaced